hey guys so today's video has been so
requested ever since I did my Christmas
haul and I finally am getting around to
filming it for you guys and that is of
course my what is in my purse for 2015
and I actually have never done it what's
in my purse video before and I asked you
guys in that hall if you wanted to see
it wasn't my purse for my long jump la
plage tote this is a medium tote and all
of you guys were requesting like crazy I
keep eating all these comments and
tweets and stuff so I am finally doing
it so I have the Black Lung Chomp la
plage toe it's not the largest some
medium so it's a really good size I love
it so much and it honestly goes with
everything so I really like it and it's
really comfortable to carry around and
whatnot so I'm just gonna go ahead and
get started as to what is inside
so going randomly the first day I've
seen here is my sunglasses case and my
sunglasses are from Oakley so this case
is huge and it just has all the little
Oakley OHS on it if you can tell and
obviously I have to show my sunglasses
on because I'm showing you guys so I got
these a year ago at sunglass hut when I
was in know I think it was yeah
Sunglasses Hut when I was in South
Carolina and I don't know if you can
tell they're just honestly the most
unique color ever because sometimes
they're pink sometimes they're purple
and sometimes they're brown you can't
really tell because like the light is
shining through them but they're like
when the light hits them right they're a
hot pink and then but they go with
everything and they're perfect so this
is what my sunglasses look like I like
them they're really big but I think they
look really nice on my face so I have my
sunglasses in my purse because you
always need this sunglasses
I cannot go anywhere without water come
down below so you feel the same way the
next thing that I seen here are some
Hello Kitty band-aids because you
never know when you're gonna need those
and then I have my tanning stuff so this
is the suntan bronzer that I use when I
go to the tanning bed and it's called
JWoww and this is just the black bronzer
it smells amazing and I love it and so I
also have my tanning goggles oops and
mine are leopard print so all swag with
these on so I always like to have my
tanning stuff with me
because if I go to the tanning bed and
you know they don't let you tan without
your goggles obviously cuz it's really
bad for your eyes so the next thing I
have are just some headphones and these
are the crappy Apple ones and then I
just have my wallet which is from
Vineyard Vines and this is the vineyard
whale wallet and it is so cute I'll go
ahead and really quickly show you what
is inside it's a huge wallet I honestly
can't fill it up because I don't have
enough cards to fill it up first I have
my student ID which I'm not gonna show
because it's literally of this picture
of my life and then I have my driver's
license and then I have my debit card I
have a Kroger shopping card because my
mom forced me to get one not gonna lie
if you're going to Kroger it saves you a
lot of money on groceries if you use
your card cuz me and my friends like to
go and get snacks and stuff then I have
my Sephora beauty insider VIP card and
it's making the camera freak out I have
a gift card to Sonic because I love
Sonic it's my home and then I just have
like some bills and the billfold money
on my card it's easier and then there's
like the coin pouch that like that's
coins in it and I also have my little
card for suntan city so if I'm going to
the tanning bed that is right and by the
way if you guys want a video about the
tanning bed let me know cuz I'll totally
do it and then I have a tampon in here
that is what is in my wallet
I just have my car keys um I can't drive
yet because I'm the youngest junior in
the
tire in my entire class and health class
of 2016 at my school I'm the youngest
junior it's really frustrating so I
don't have my unrestricted alright I
don't have my restricted license so I
can't drive without a parent until April
kill me seriously kill me but my car
keys are in here and again I have a
Kroger card on here because my mom's
psycho and then you guys know how much I
love foxes so I have this box keychain
that's from Etsy and then I have a
monogrammed keychain and then I have
this keychain that's just like a ball
and my friends mace I got it for me cuz
she's perfect and then I have like my
house key and then my car key and it's
really fierce then I just have a bunch
of crap at the bottom so I have some
receipts from Sephora and I have a
ticket to a basketball game that I went
to because it was like a game that we
weren't cheering at but I still wanted
to go and support our basketball team
you feel me and I have a lipstick from
Tarte in here and then I have a hand
sanitizer and pause for a raspberry you
guys know how much I love cats and
there's a kitty on it it's so cute then
I have a maybelline color whisper
lipstick and then I have this little
jewelry pouch from Tory Burch that I
wanted a little thing to put in my purse
that had like hair ties bobby pins cough
drops and there is a really tiny pouch
as you can see the stitching right here
there's a pouch on the other side yeah
there's a pouch a little tiny one it
doesn't really fit much but last thing
that I have in my purse is this lemon
pomegranate cream mini lotion from Bath
& Body Works and this is quite possibly
the best thing I've ever smelled in my
entire life and it makes me so happy oh
my god you need to go smell it because
your life will change so that was
everything that is in my long chomped oh
I hope you guys really enjoyed this
video if you did make sure to give it a
thumbs up and comment down below
I don't know thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you guys in my
next video bye guys why did I clap Oh